# Terms and Conditions of Use #

The following are the terms and conditions of use ("Terms and Conditions") that govern your use of the ProxSee websites and applications where this appears (collectively referred to as the "Website"). Our Privacy Policy, Purchase Policy, and any other policies, rules or guidelines that may be applicable to particular offers or features on the Website are also incorporated into these Terms and Conditions. By visiting or using the Website, you expressly agree to these Terms and Conditions, as updated from time to time. We may make changes to these Terms and Conditions at any time. Any changes we make will be effective immediately when we post a revised version of these Terms and Conditions on the Website. The "Last Updated" date above will tell you when these Terms and Conditions were last revised. By continuing to use this Website after that date, you agree to the changes.

# Account Registration #

You will be required to register for an account to use the Website. Your account username may not include the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person, or be offensive, vulgar or obscene. Your account username and password are personal to you. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password, and for all activities that are conducted through your account. You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We will not be liable for any harm related to disclosure of your username or password or the use by anyone else of your username or password. You may not use another user's account without that user's permission. You will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized use of your account or other account-related security breach. We may require you to change your username and/or password if we believe your account is no longer secure or if we receive a complaint that your username violates someone else's rights. You will have no ownership in your account or your username. We may refuse registration, cancel an account or deny access to the Website for any reason.

# Code of Conduct #

You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and that you will not:  

- Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Website;
- Use the Website for any unlawful purpose;
- Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent;
- Impersonate any person or entity, whether actual or fictitious, including any employee or representative of our company;
- Submit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party's intellectual property or other rights; (b) any non-public information about companies without authorization; or (c) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, surveys, contests, investment opportunities or other unsolicited commercial communication;
- Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that could be considered harmful, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, profane, insulting, threatening, harassing, hateful or otherwise objectionable, includes the image or likeness of individuals under 18 years of age, encourages or otherwise depicts or glamorizes drug use (including alcohol and cigarettes), characterizes violence as acceptable, glamorous or desirable, or contains any personal contact information or other personal information identifying any third party;
- Submit, or provide links to, any postings containing material that harasses, victimizes, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability;
- Engage in spamming or flooding;
- Harvest or collect information about Website users;
- Use any password or code to participate in a presale or other offer on the Website if you did not receive the password or code from us or if you violate the terms of the presale or offer; or
- Use any area of the Website for commercial purposes, such as to conduct sales of products or services.

# Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License #

The Website and all data, text, designs, pages, print screens, images, artwork, photographs, audio and video clips, and HTML code, source code, or software that resides or is viewable or otherwise discoverable on the Website (collectively referred to as the "Content") are owned by us or our licensors. We own a copyright and, in many instances, patents and other intellectual property in the Website and the Content. We may change the Content and features of the Website at any time. We grant you a limited, conditional, no-cost, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to view this Website and its Content as permitted by these Terms and Conditions for non-commercial purposes only if, as a condition precedent, you agree that you will not:

- Submit any software or other materials that contain any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs or other items of a destructive nature;
- Manipulate identifiers, including by forging headers, in order to disguise the origin of any posting that you submit;
- Link to any portion of the Website other than the URL assigned to the home page of our site;
- "Frame" or "mirror" any part of the Website;
- Modify, adapt, sub-license, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Website or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Content;
- Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained on the Website;
- Use any robot, spider, offline reader, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device, tool, or process to retrieve, index, data mine or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Content or the Website, including with respect to any CAPTCHA displayed on the Website. Operators of public search engines may use spiders to copy materials from the Website for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. We may revoke this exception at any time and require removal of archived materials gathered in the past;
- Use any automated software or computer system to search for, reserve, buy or otherwise obtain discount codes, promotional codes, vouchers, gift cards or any other items available on the Website, including sending information from your computer to another computer where such software or system is active;
- Take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
- Reproduce, modify, display, publicly perform, distribute or create derivative works of the Website or the Content;
- Use the Website or the Content in an attempt to, or in conjunction with, any device, program or service designed to circumvent any technological measure that effectively controls access to, or the rights in, the Website and/or Content in any way including, without limitation, by manual or automatic device or process, for any purpose.

This license is expressly conditioned on your pre-existing agreement to comply with, and your actual compliance with, each of the provisions described in this Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License section. This license exists only so long as you strictly comply with each of the provisions described in this section. Any use of the Website or the Content by you or anyone acting on your behalf that does not strictly comply with each and every provision in this section exceeds the scope of the license granted to you herein, constitutes unauthorized reproduction, display, or creation of unauthorized derivative versions of the Website and the Content, and infringes our copyrights, trademarks, patents and other rights in the Website and the Content. You will not acquire any ownership rights by using the Website or the Content. The registered and unregistered trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the Website are owned by us or our licensors. You may not use our trademarks, logos and service marks in any way without our prior written permission. You may inquire about obtaining permission by emailing enable@proxsee.io.

# Making Purchases #

Please review our Purchase Policy, which will govern any purchase through the Website, including any refunds or exchanges. We may impose conditions on your use of any coupon, promotional code or gift card. You will pay all charges incurred by you or any users of your account and credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred, including any applicable taxes. You may only use credit or debit cards, gift cards or vouchers that belong to you or to people who expressly authorize you to use such payment methods. You may not attempt to conceal your identity by using multiple Internet Protocol addresses or email addresses to conduct transactions on the Website. You will not hold us liable if you do not comply with laws related to your transactions. We may provide law enforcement with information you provide to us related to your transactions to assist in any investigation or prosecution of you. If we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide during any registration, ordering, purchase, sale, authentication, delivery, payment or remittance process, or any other process, or if we are no longer able to verify or authorize your credit card or bank account information, your purchase may be cancelled, we may refuse to honor all pending and future purchases made with those credit card or bank accounts and/or via any online accounts associated with those credit card or bank accounts. We may also prohibit you from using the Website.

# Forums and User Content #

We may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, social media feeds and other forums found on the Website (collectively referred to as "Forums"), and you may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video recordings, photographs, artwork or other materials to the Forums or other areas of the Website (collectively referred to as "User Content"). By submitting User Content, you certify that you are at least 18 years old, or you are at least 13 years old and have obtained your parent's or legal guardian's express consent to submit User Content. You own all rights to your User Content. If you submit User Content to the Website, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, display, archive and commercialize your User Content, in our sole discretion, in all formats and in all media channels now known or hereinafter discovered, without any compensation or acknowledgment to you or anyone else. This license will not affect your ownership in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, except if it conflicts with these Terms and Conditions. We are not obligated to post, display or otherwise use any User Content, or to attribute your User Content to you. You will not make or authorize any claim against us that our use of your User Content infringes any of your rights. Statements, opinions and reviews posted by participants in a Forum may be inaccurate, offensive, obscene, threatening or harassing. We do not endorse and are not responsible for these postings. We will not be liable for any loss or harm caused by the posting or your reliance on information obtained through the postings. You will be responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting it. By submitting User Content, you represent to us that (i) you own, or have the necessary permission to submit the User Content and to grant the licenses to us under this section, and (ii) you have the written permission of every identifiable person in the User Content to use that person's name and likeness in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms and Conditions or, if the person is a minor, the written permission of the minor's parent or legal guardian. We will have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor the Website, the Forums and the User Content, and to disclose any User Content and the circumstances surrounding its submission in order to operate the Website properly, or to protect ourselves, our sponsors and our users, or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests. If we are notified that your User Content does not comply with these Terms and Conditions, we may investigate the allegation and may decide to remove your User Content and cancel your account.

# Claims of Copyright Infringement On The Website #

Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") if you believe in good faith that any content on the Website infringes your copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed. The notice must include: (a) your (or your agent's) physical or electronic signature; (b) identification of the copyrighted work on our Website that is claimed to have been infringed (or a representative list if multiple copyrighted works are included in one notification); (c) identification of the content that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, including information reasonably sufficient to allow us to locate the content on the Website; (d) your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available); (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by you or your agent or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you or your agent is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, you may send us a counter-notice. You may read more information about the DMCA at http://www.loc.gov/copyright. Notices and counter-notices should be sent to enable@proxsee.io. There can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.

# Links #

The Website contains links to other websites that may not be owned or operated by us. The fact that we may link to those websites does not indicate any approval or endorsement of those websites. We have no control over those websites. We are not responsible for the content of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites. We strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use and practices of any linked website. Your use of other websites is at your own risk and is subject to the terms of those websites. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from the Website or other sites) is free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs and other items of a destructive nature.

# Mobile Messaging #

We offer browsing and mobile messaging services which may include alerts, Promotions and offers for products. You may choose to receive mobile alerts by signing up or participating in a Promotion. If you do, you authorize us to use automated technology to send messages to the mobile phone number you supply when you sign up. Your consent to receive mobile communications is never required in order to purchase something from us. Message and data rates may apply, according to your rate plan provided by your wireless carrier. We will not be responsible for any text messaging or other wireless charges incurred by you or by a person who has access to your wireless device or telephone number. You may not receive our alerts if your carrier does not permit text alerts. Your carrier may not allow you to use pre-paid phones or calling plans to receive alerts. We may send you a bounce back message for every message you send to us. Service may not be compatible with all wireless carriers or devices. We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information displayed in our mobile messaging, for any misdelivery or untimely delivery of any mobile messaging, or your deletion or failure to store any mobile messaging from us.

# Mobile Device Application #

You agree to also comply with Terms of Service of the site from which you downloaded the app. We do not grant you any rights to any related documentation, support, upgrades, maintenance or other enhancements to the App. We will not provide you with any device, internet access or wireless connection to use the App. We are not responsible for any interaction between you and another App user, or information you transmit through the App (including your location).

# Violation of these Terms and Conditions #

We may investigate any violation of these Terms and Conditions, including unauthorized use of the Website. We may take legal action that we feel is appropriate. You agree that monetary damages may not provide us a sufficient remedy and that we may pursue injunctive or other relief for your violation of these Terms and Conditions. If we determine that you have violated these Terms and Conditions or the law, or for any other reason or for no reason, we may cancel your account, delete all your User Content and prevent you from accessing the Website at any time without notice to you. If that happens, you may no longer use the Website or any Content. You will still be bound by your obligations under these Terms and Conditions. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of your access to the Website or to your account or any related information, and we will not be required to make the Website or your account or any related information available to you. We may also cancel any order. We may refuse to honor pending and future purchases made from all accounts we believe may be associated with you, or cancel an order associated with any person we believe to be acting with you, or exercise any other remedy available to us. You agree that your abusive use of the Website may cause damage and harm to us, including impaired goodwill, lost sales and increased expenses.

# Disclaimer of Warranties #

WE PROVIDE THE WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". WE TRY TO KEEP THE WEBSITE UP, BUG-FREE AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE WEBSITE WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE ?1542, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

# Limitation of Liability #

IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR EVENT PROVIDERS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS AND SPONSORS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR, AND YOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO SEEK, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OTHER THAN OUT OF POCKET EXPENSES, AND ANY RIGHTS TO HAVE DAMAGES MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE, THE CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON ANY CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (a) ANY FAILURE OF ANOTHER USER OF THE WEBSITE TO CONFORM TO THE CODES OF CONDUCT, (b) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE, (c) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (d) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A DESTRUCTIVE NATURE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE, OR (e) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE WEBSITE IS TO STOP USING THE WEBSITE. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN US IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF DAMAGES, SO THESE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IN NO EVENT WILL ATTORNEYS' FEES BE AWARDED OR RECOVERABLE.

# Indemnification #

If anyone brings a claim against us related to your use of the Website, your User Content or your violation of these Terms and Conditions, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliated companies, event providers, suppliers, advertisers and sponsors, and each of our officers, directors, employees, and agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs). We reserve the right to take exclusive control and defense of any claim, and you will cooperate fully with us in asserting any available defenses.

# Disputes, Including Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver #

Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of the Website, or to products or services sold or distributed by us or through us, will be resolved by binding arbitration rather than in court, with the following exceptions:

- You may assert claims in small claims court if your claims apply;
- If a claim involves the conditional license granted to you as described in the Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License section above, either of us may file a lawsuit in a federal or state court located within Las Vegas, Nevada, and we both consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes; and
- In the event that the arbitration agreement in these Terms and Conditions is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against us (except for small-claims court actions) may be commenced only in a federal or state court located within Las Vegas, Nevada, and we both consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes.

The arbitration agreement in these Terms and Conditions is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), including its procedural provisions, in all respects. This means that the FAA governs, among other things, the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration agreement and all of its provisions, including, without limitation, the class action waiver discussed below. State arbitration laws do not govern in any respect. This arbitration agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted, and will survive termination of these Terms and Conditions. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to the extent permitted by law to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow these Terms and Conditions as a court would. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to: Lixar IT, 373 Coventry Road, Ottawa, K1K 2C5, Canada, Attn: Legal. You may download the forms located athttp://www.jamsadr.com/files/Uploads/Documents/JAMS_Arbitration_Demand.pdf. The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS under its Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures or, if applicable, its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, and any applicable supplemental rules including its Consumer Arbitration Standards of Minimum Fairness. The JAMS Rules are available online at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-clauses or by calling 1-800-352-5267 FREE. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by JAMS's rules. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, but in no event will we pay for attorneys' fees. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. We each agree that the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding, and that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. You agree to waive any right to a jury trial or to participate in a class action. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration section will be null and void and neither of us will be entitled to arbitrate our dispute. You agree that these Terms and Conditions evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce and will be governed by and construed in accordance with federal law to the fullest extent possible.